for Sofia high-impact gym tiles
engineered for athletes build your
training space right from the ground up
the ultimate fitness flooring solution
engineered to handle the high impact of
commercial gyms personal training
studios and CrossFit boxes manufactured
under ISO 9001:2008 compliant conditions
these tiles are environmentally friendly
end to end and generate no toxins or
recycling laying versa fit tiles is easy
no glue or adhesives required to put
versa fit tiles in their place follow
the three piece prep pattern in place
you need a flat firm surface concrete is
perfect Train flat trained level if
you're laying tiles on asphalt or a
surface with potholes fill the holes
before you start mop and dry your
surface then you're good to go
decision time do you lay your tiles
crisscross style like squares on a
chessboard or brick off sent like a wall
of bricks for training spaces under 20
square meters crisscross is the easy
option make your move
if your training space is any bigger
variation in the tiles can cause slips
and small gaps between the tiles to show
larger spaces need the brick pattern
offsetting your rows by half a tiles
length will break up your space and give
your tiles a better hold time to get
down pick a feature wall the longest
straight line in your space and lay your
versa fit tiles out from it this is your
base so get it right and keep it
straight by using a string line for
maximum accuracy finish your straight
wall edge and work backward lay a tile
in place then kick at home along both
axes into the wall then into a trow
sooner or later you're going to need to
cut your tiles to fit your space all you
need is a long steel ruler and a stanley
knife cutting to fit a wall in the brick
pattern is simple start by overlaying a
full tile flush with the wall then score
the under tile along the overlap line
now take your wall tile away and cut the
lower tile along the score line and to
keep your cut smooth change your blade
every three or four cuts these tiles are
tough take the off cut by the wall and
toss it away then pull the short end out
and drop your wall tile in its place use
the short end in against the wall
maintaining your brick pattern
keeping your versa fit tiles clean is
easy just a quick wipe or mop with a
natural vinegar solution and value at
the end of the day to maintain their
life and keep your tiles feeling fresh
versa fit Gym tiles the trusted name in
gym tiles for durability flexibility
comfort results
available now at Versa floor combi you